Task-1: Create a GIT repository named as your enrollment number. Create 2
folder in your repository named as Assignment_1 and Assignment_2.
Prepare a word file which contains each step of this task.
Upload your assignments in the respective folder. Share your git repository
link in a google form asked to you at the time of submission.



Step-1 Download GitHub desktop cli.

Step-2 Enter command "gh auth login" to Login to the required account

After entering the command the github cli will ask few questions regarding login
	What account do you want to log into?
Step-2.1 Choose Github.com,
	What is your preferred protocol for Git operations on this host? 
Step-2.2 Choose HTTPS,
	Authenticate Git with your GitHub credentials?
Step-2.3 Choose yes,
	How would you like to authenticate GitHub CLI? Login with a web browser
Step-2.4 Choose Login with a web browser

! First copy your one-time code: AAD9-62BC
Press Enter to open github.com in your browser...

Step-2.5 After Choosing the "Login with a web browser" Press enter to confirm,then the github login web-page will pop open in your default browser, Enter you Credentials,

Step-2.6 After Entering the correct credentials you will be prompted to enter the otp displayed in your Terminal window, enter the otp to complete the login process.


Step-3: Enter the command "gh repo create" to create a new repository on GitHub.
	What would you like to do? Create a new repository on GitHub from scratch


Step-3.1: Provide a name for the repository.
	Repository 2201031830013

Step-3.2: Add a description for the repository.
	Description SOCET assignments of 4th sem WT class Summer Semester

Step-3.3: Set the visibility of the repository.
	Visibility Public

Step-3.4: Choose whether to add a README file.
	 Would you like to add a README file? Yes

Step-3.5: Choose whether to add a .gitignore file.
	Would you like to add a .gitignore? No

Step-3.6: Confirm to create the repository.
	This will create "web-tech-assignments-2024" as a public repository on GitHub. Continue? Yes

Step-3.7: Confirm the successful creation of the repository.
	Created repository Nebula-2003/web-tech-assignments-2024 on GitHub. Continue? (Y/n) y

Step-3.8: Clone the newly created repository locally.
	Clone the new repository locally? Yes

Step-3.9: Clone the repository into your local environment.
	Cloning into 'web-tech-assignments-2024'...

Step-4 make 2 folders named Assignment_1 and Assignment_2.
	"mkdir Assignment_1 Assignment_2"

Step-5 Copy paste the assignment into the respective folders.

Step-6 Enter "git add ." to stage all files

Step-7 Enter "git commit -m"Complete assignment"" to commit to local repo

Step-8 Enter "git push" to push changes to github repository